## Notebook for finding cross forum post

1. Key tables in the WebMD Database at augurlabs.io are:
  - components: Lists all the posts that have adjacencies.
    - column comp is the component identified by the algorithm we describe elsewhere.  This is where we think its most likely best to start looking. There are a few other columns that will be helpful with filtering. Noted next.
    - column neighbors is all the adjacencies including the post of origin itself
    - column adjacent is all the adjacencies MINUS the post of origin itself
      - ergo, a query that does NOT include values where adjaceny = 'integer(0)' are more useful.
2. Analysis starts with a subset of some of the larger components
  ```sql
  select * from component_posts where csize >= 6
  order by corpus, comp, post_timestamp
  ```
3. Analysis Notes
  - First component search, from component 150
  ```sql
  select * from component_posts where
  uniqueID in ('177_0', '757_4', '158_7')
  ```
  - Returns 3 rows. The emphasis is added to make some of the connections between these lateral posts more transparent.
  uniqueID|post_timestamp|comp|neighbors|adjacent|componentVertexID|inferred_replies|title|content|poster|replyTo|level|user|topic|pid|maxpth|indegree|outdegree|triangles|csize|corpus
    - 757_4|02/09/2009 22:05:49|150|c(`757_4` = 1)|integer(0)|1|JohnJohnson55|ADD?|
      - I can relate. I was really scared when I finally made my appointment. I sat there with the phone in my hand trying to get the nerve to push the last number. I posted about it here, in fact. Eventually, I just jumped in. I'm REALLY glad I made the appointment. It was worth it. Make sure you're seeing a psychiatrist with Adult ADHD experience. I regular **DOCTOR*** may not be able to properly **DIAGNOSE** you. The symptoms of bi-polar and ADHD are similar. My advice about the appointment is to fill out the evaluation quiz as honestly as you can. Really think about your answers. I was all panicky when I did mine. I think I put the highest number on every question. It turns out that exaggeration and that sort of thing is a symptom of ADHD.. .and also bi-polar. I had to answer a lot of questions I'd have been happy to forget about. It took a long time to decide between bi-polar and ADHD. He got it right. Adderall helped me RIGHT away, the first time I took it I could tell the difference. For the first few months, I made a lot of notes. I've always had trouble organizing my thoughts ahead of time. I usually just wing it. I didn't want to make a mistake. At first I tried to read the notes to him, eventually I just told him I don't like talking about it I'd feel better if he's just read it and then ask me about it. We did that until I got more comfortable talking to him. The only thing that bothers me is he KEPT them. He put them in that folder. I wish I could read that thing. Well, maybe not. Anyway, I still get sort of stage fright before my appointments, but it's not as **BAD**. That's another thing to think about. Be careful what kind of jokes you make. I've made a few jokes about the meds or about how my eating habits have changed. I swear he doesn't laugh. He just writes EVERYTHING down in that folder. If you have something to say, make sure it's relevant at least until you know how your **DOCTOR*** will take it when you make jokes. Answer the **DOCTOR***'s questions as honestly as you can. Don't try to figure out what they're getting at. DO NOT be afraid to ASK your own questions. The **DOCTOR*** is working FOR you. Not the other way around. Ask what can help you. Ask for alternatives to meds or anything you want to know. Ask about your condition. The more you know the better. The **DOCTOR*** is the expert. Pick their brain. Don't get discouraged if it takes a while to find the right meds and the right doses. After about 3 months, you'll probably have to adjust the meds. Expect that. Sleep was a problem for me when I first started taking the meds. So, keep that in mind. That's all I can think of. Maybe read some of my other posts to see if there's anything in there you can use. Let me know if you have any questions. You're on the right track. **GOOD** luck. I'm pulling for you. Let us know how it goes! - Chris|
      - ChristophorM|757_top|0|C|17|308|0|0|1|0|6|add_and_adhd_exchange
    - 158_7|02/12/2009 00:04:55|150|c(`158_7` = 2)|integer(0)|2|JJRAE|IS IT REALLY ADHD?|
      - For every kid that's mis-**DIAGNOSEd** as ADHD, I'm sure there are 10 that are ADHD and NOT **DIAGNOSEd.** ADHD is NOT a myth. It's not a made up thing. I think it's great that your kid go help for the problems that were keeping him from succeeding. But I'm telling you I don't have any of those vision problems. Nor do I have problems with comprehension or any other learning disability. I have a problem keeping my mind focused. It can't be fixed with vitamins or fish oil or fruit for breakfast. ADHD can be mitigated with medication. There are ways to work AROUND the symptoms, but they don't go away. And they aren't imaginary. There is no cure. The "MYTH OF ADHD" is so much snake oil. It's a marketing ploy. Just because your kid didn't have ADHD doesn't mean no one does. Don't fall for that. I agree that not every problem is ADHD. I think there can be any number of reasons for a kid to have problems in **SCHOOL**. Vision problems and dyslexia are tricky sometimes. I think it's best to leave the diagnosis to the professionals. During my time in **SCHOOL**, I was tested for everything except ADHD. None of them were right. If they'd discovered my ADHD when I was a kid, it would have been better for me. The **SCHOOL** system is well meaning, but probably not equipped to properly **DIAGNOSE** a child's symptoms. **DOCTOR***s are the only one's I'd trust and I'd still be skeptical enough to get a second opinion if I thought I had a reason. I may be an extreme case of what can go WRONG when an ADHD kid goes un **DIAGNOSE** d. But from what I've seen on this board, I'm pretty average. It's not wise to ignore any problem. It's also not wise to assume a child isn't cooperating just because he or she wants to make life hard for themselves. I am convinced that a kid who is having problems in **SCHOOL**, is having an actual problem. I don't really believe in slackers or kids with a desire to **BAD** things just because they want to do **BAD** things. NOBODY in their right mind would voluntarily go through what I went through. It's not worth the time and energy it would take to do all of the things that make ADHD a problem on purpose. The point I'm trying to make is that if your kid is having a problem you owe it to the kid to find out what the real problem is. If it's ADHD fine. If it's not fine. Find out what the problem is and accept that the situation needs to be addressed for what it is. Not for what we think or what we hope or what we wish it was. Getting it wrong is as **BAD** as ignoring it. Being supportive and trying to find solutions is much better than resenting your kid for the trouble they seem to be causing. It can be really hard for someone who doesn't have ADHD to understand. I was baby-sitting for a friend. Their son was a tornado. He was all over the place. We were outside playing when he suddenly turned around and kicked my drink like a soccer ball. I suspected ADHD. I put him in timeout to show there are consequences. He cried his little eyes out and said he didn't know why he did it. I can understand that. I wasn't too hard on him because I know what it's like. I told his parents they may want to have him tested. He was having problems in **SCHOOL** and his teachers said the same thing. They took him to a . It turns out he does have ADHD. He's getting treatment and he's doing fine now. It's easier on the parents when they know WHY their kid does what he does too. It takes a real professional to figure out what the problem is. Guessing doesn't cut it. The kid may have a vision problem and not ADHD or it maybe something else entirely. But a kid who impulsively kicks a bottle of Gatorade across the yard doesn't need glasses to fix THAT problem. It's **GOOD** to remember that there is more to life than ADHD. A kid with problems needs help no matter what the root cause of the problem is. ADHD is a REAL problem. It just wasn't your kid's problem. I'm glad your kid got help. Every kid deserves the best chance they can get to succeed. **GOOD** |
      - ChristophorM|158_top|2|C|17|308|0|0|2|0|6|add_and_adhd_exchange
    - 177_0|02/24/2009 14:56:38|150|c(`177_0` = 3, `757_4` = 1, `158_7` = 2)|1:2|3|stressed_mom_of_2|
      - Taking the pills or not????|I'm unsure of the **SCHOOL** s rights but i feel that 71/2 is way to young to try to get him off of the meds. I am 30 years old now and i just got back on medication because i wasn't functioning very well on my own. I know what add is and how to help myself remember the things i need to do and that wasn't enough for me now imagine how hard it will be for your son. Adhd is something your son probably won't ever outgrow. If you are wanting him to try it on his own i think that you should wait until he is at least 14 years old. At the age of 7 he isn't old enough or responsible enough to try this on his own. The **SCHOOL** knows this that is why they are telling you that he can't come to **SCHOOL** without the meds. If you really want to try this you should wait until the summer so you can see for yourself how well he will do. This shouldn't be about what YOU want for your son it should be about what is best for HIM. No parent wants this for their child but we can't control these types of things. Your son might want to get off of the meds because of your negitive attitude about them. He is getting the idea that he isn't **GOOD** enough while on this medication because he can sense that you don't like him being on the medication and therefore wants to make you happy by going off of it and then when he is told by the **SCHOOL** that they don't want that to happen he feels disappointed. Try sitting him down and talking to him about this. Find out why he wants to do it on his own. Is it because he thinks the meds are **BAD** for him and if so where did he get that idea. You should explain to him that having adhd means that there is an important chemical missing in his brain and that the chemical's job is to make him remember the things he needs to rememeber and to make him be able to concentrate when he needs to. Then you should explain that the medication just replaces that chemical and that is why it helps. It doesn't make him smarter, that he does all on his own, it simply gives him the chemical he needs so that he can concentrate on his work and remember all the things he needs to do on his own. If after all of this he still wants to do it on his own then maybe start out small like off of the meds on weekends and holidays and then completely off in the summer. During the summer you can work with him and teach him the skills he needs to cope with the adhd drug free. **GOOD** luck!|
      - teeny79|177_top|14|P|17|1059|1|2|0|0|6|add_and_adhd_exchange
